when boozled bamboozle Sam boozled it is
hot light League episode 47 boy do we
have an incredible show for you tonight
because because right now you're saying
wait the headline the headline says and
I only see and that where is she well
guess what she's coming in in about 45
minutes I know you're just gonna seek on
the time line I get it whatever but
shocks is joining us tonight live in the
Travis cafard industry studio I pulled
up a shitty old chair that I have in my
office for her that's gonna be happening
we're gonna be talking about worlds
because groups for planes is done
there's sub sock right there there's
rumors from Europe all that more coming
up but right now on hot line League and
this is where if we had an ounce of
sponsor the sponsor would play on screen
and there'd be a logo and would be like
hot line League is brought to you by but
we can't announce the sponsor yet just
know that this will show is sponsored by
a mystery sponsor more on that later
tonight well I'm gonna we do the ad
break are you gonna talk oh yeah I'm not
announcing anything but we do the ad
break anyway out of out of courtesy to
them right so we're now into hotline
link episode 40 so it's not tidy cats
sorry guys dream is dead yeah as you can
tell very disappointed yeah and the
death of Tidy Cats sponsorship abilities
yeah and by the way Teddy cats still an
incredible brand still love what they've
done and they just are not they're not
interns entering eSports at this time I
guess the swearing unfortunately Mike is
peaking because you're screaming instead
of how you usually talk okay I will try
not to scream
regardless world's is happening by the
way we're filming us on a Thursday so
Monday mark do you want explain wine
yeah so I lied to Travis and said that
because planes haven't started it'd be
better to do it alright so the planes
haven't finished the group stage we
should wait until that happens which is
today it's also the break day for all of
us so it actually was a very fortunate
lie because now shocks will be able to
join us because it's our off day yeah
yep and that worked out very well by the
way so me in chat says you say you want
to be
Travis's Lemieux lead in the show with
this I've never said I want to be more
professional quite the opposite listen
II want this scene to be more
professional but not us yeah yeah yeah
if everyone else could be more
professional that would be great that
would really level us up if the rest of
these fuckers could step it out yeah
because we want as big of a delta
between what we do here what do you
anyway mark how's uh how's everything
did you only only did two days right no
I actually did all four oh really okay I
have a couple this might be from her I
need to check all right well hello
though he's Travis can you mute what so
I can fill we're in front of 7,000
people 7,000 people tell him tell me
exaggerate exaggerate having people here
in front of to sound oppressive that was
my brother not but I didn't know he's
the number because he has a new phone so
I thought it was shocks wouldn't have
answered normally I apologize to
everybody here but shocks will be here
sorry continue mark so you did a couple
days yeah I did a all four days
I was only slated to do three but
Serena's been sick a little bit so I had
to hop in there and grab a little bit of
his time oh you did do all four days yes
I did all four days I thought there was
one that you were maybe okay anyway no
there was one day I did you listen
anything I just said I'm not lying
League did you go in on that LAN League
day yes okay I went in every single day
okay that's crazy
I'm crazy yeah I didn't even notice
anyway so let's let's talk so how how's
the rock has been going what do you
think of plans people should you be very
enthusiastic about them they've been
really good because even though we got
all the pool one seeds out as you know
the number one seed which is kind of
like lame from a results perspective
EDG lost the game c9 should have lost a
game and looked pretty shaky sometimes
grx dominated their group when people
didn't think they would be good and g2
lost the game and I had to play a
tiebreaker so it was all things
considered act
she's a pretty nutty to watch even if
the results don't look crazy when you
see the end and kind of out yeah why I
just absolutely loved and I thought it
was really cool that you guys put this
on the broadcast the sort of moment of
elation the video of the guys behind the
scenes with Japan finding out that they
were making it moving forward yeah I
think it's because as any fans we can
get an even Western friends as a whole
like we can get pretty jaded because I
feel like we've kind of been in our
bucket of where we stack rank you know
regionally yeah there's China Korea and
then probably you and then like LMS na
and then like the emerging regions right
and like for those emerging regions to
be moving up that stack ranking a little
bit for like Japan to qualifying the
first one like that would be huge just
gonna be huge for na to like go to their
first World Finals or even their first
semi finals you know it's like that's
basically what it was to them and like I
think it's cool to show what it means to
those regions cuz you know people call
in here all the time and like are
geeking out the OPL guy was super
excited he thought this was their chance
would have been their chance share fire
comes back in jokes
oh god it was rough but uh you know
there's that passion still yeah it
continued that was that same thing
there's still that passion all over the
world and sometimes as any fans we can
get jaded but it's cool to see it
elsewhere okay so moving into the the
calls what what should we be talking
about tonight there's a weird one
because I think we'll talk a lot about
the actual breakdown of the playing
group stage and the knockout stage to
come when shocks gets here I assume yeah
so until that time we'll probably talk a
little bit about production and then
maybe some of the EU drama that's been
hitting the front pages I've read it
pretty hard about who's getting into you
else yes not yeah because we I think the
expectations that shocks is not going to
be able to discuss that she's in the new
obvious office like if if the rumors are
true about officio we don't want to put
her on a spot if she's like heard
something as
really weird so I think ironically we
will be discussing the EU stuff a little
bit before she gets here and there are
rumors you can check them out on reddit
ESPN elsewhere they're out there about
stuff that's happening so anyone can
talk about that I'm trying to think if
there's anything else we so we did not
land League but we didn't talk about
certain things that happened it has been
like a week and a half since we've had
some calls in so perhaps we can also
talk about rise which came out we'd love
to have maybe calling about that let's
see what else there this is a bunch of
different stuff all the all the kind of
pre world stuff that came out so maybe
we can we can make all that work mark do
you want to explain how the caller
system works yeah so if this is your
first time tuning in and where the fuck
have you been
but it's okay you're here now and the
way this works is you want to join up on
the discord that I am spamming in twitch
chat when you get there there is a pleb
topics and our plug calls and plug calls
to that you can join of those our voice
channels once you're in there you can
basically mute yourself so you don't
hear other people mouth breathing and
then in the pleb topics text channel
you're gonna want to go ahead and post
whatever it is that you want to talk
about hopefully you keep these more as a
take of some kind so you think Japan is
like super overachieved and they're
actually not that good
you think g2 got super lucky and they
suck whatever it is you know put your
topics in there if we like it we will
pull you into the waiting room where
when it is your turn to come on air we
will do a quick voice check make sure
all your audio is working and then pull
you on to discuss whatever it is you
want to talk about so that is how that
works if you are a sub by the way and
some people get confused for this you
have to sync your twitch account with
your discord account so that discord
knows your sub but after a little bit of
a delay you can access the sub topics
chat you can't put your questions into
sub topics it moves a little slower so
it gives you a little bit of an edge but
you know it doesn't give you it doesn't
guarantee you anything or whatever so
feel free if your sub to use that chat
as well so as Mark is looking for our
first colors I want to give a shout out
to tea downs curve okyun MD crayons
12:12 whose just keep up the good work
Travis and mark fire emblem 90 the real
Rando one and then bottle gnomes who
just donate $20 $25 says Travis to you
thinking the wildcards you're performing
above expectations represent a trend
from the region or is it a one time or
one team worlds buff I mean I think you
can only ever look at a team's
performance as representative that
single team if you start to see like a
trend if you see multiple teams then you
might know but there are a lot of
regions where you have maybe one or two
good teams and they're not so many other
good teams there's a lot of reasons
where you have just a ton of average
team so it just kind of depends on the
region would be what I would say people
are seeing questions in chat you got to
put those in the discord once again
discord GG / Travis is how that works
yeah we don't read twitch chat yeah
twitch chats a cesspool unlike our
discord
well our discourse not that great either
I have no dude
sorry discord is the pinnacle of
communication and intellect yeah and for
those who are missing us when I will be
headed to Worlds that is happening on
Sunday I'm headed over there on Sunday
with Broden and so we'll have coverage
of groups and quarters thank you to you
Gigi there's not sponsor this show but
is sponsoring my coverage of worlds I'm
going into yeah the first caller is oh
yes go for it yeah this course a
slightly less awful version of twitch ed
I'm not sure if I agree with that
earlier if you're watching the vaad by
the way I do have a link to the twitch
channel in the description you can go
drop a follow on this twitch channel so
you don't miss it whenever it airs live
which is usually a p.m. Pacific Mondays
is gonna get kind of wonky with the
world's happening because I'll be in
Korea and we have to figure out what
that looks like but we're in try and do
worlds while I'm in Korea
reg alex is our first color Regulus
where you calling from
I'm calling from Orlando Florida okay
thank you we get a lot of Orlando
Florida and flirty and so you've called
in before cracks no I've tried to but
really yeah are you sure yes because I
feel like I recognize your name and I
recognize your like banjo picture from
I'm not sure I believe you reg licks
where are you what what do you want to
talk about on the show tonight well
obviously with the rumors we've heard
about you know the EU LCS and the
refusal to allow certain teams in I
actually think it's a good thing because
especially from how riots perspective of
how they want to grow eSports as a whole
they want to increase their viewership
well you can't just let every team in
especially those who have like cult
following not trying to point anyone out
but like unicorns of love what is their
potential growth that could then benefit
riot not just on top of team okay so
yeah you're just you're not a believer
in some of these existing franchises
yeah I just don't think they have the
ability to have as much of a growth
pattern in terms of like bringing in you
know merch prices that then right get
you know gets to sell if they don't get
a lot of the increase in base yeah for
player base yeah I wonder if it will be
revealed like I wonder which teams were
able to secure because we talked about
this in the NA franchising time in it it
seemed to play out this way where it
feels like riot really favored the teams
and organizations they were able to
marry like a large corporation with
existing eSports experience so CLG with
Madison Square Garden is a pretty good
example of that
a hundred t which brought an eight-shot
who had eSports experience in with like
the CAV stuff you saw this in just a
couple different situations and and so I
am very curious what was done behind the
scenes you know assuming assuming the
rumors are true on the unicorns left
side to finally get a strategic partner
to go in with because that would have
been I think the way to make this
succeed yeah I agree I also think it's
good for active player base because a
lot of the teams
did get fused you know weren't let's say
looking the hottest they weren't doing
bad but they could have done better so I
think that also the roster change ups
that can happen will be beneficial as
well yeah so mark go ahead I was gonna
say do you guys remember like Ocelot
having an interview maybe about a year
ago when all the NA franchising stuff
was going around he was talking about
how many like parasites that are in the
you know whatever he said that I think
again in my interview with him during a
Masai I mean everybody I mean he might
have it I'm sure it's a phrase that he
abused more than once that sounds like
an ocelot ism but yeah I think he I mean
you could you could look at g2 and you
could compare it to some of the other
you franchises and you just see a pretty
big Delta and what they're both doing
now the big question is well was g2 it's
you just burning cash are they acting
sustainably I mean I think there's
probably a lot of arguments that some of
the other organizations would make about
what GT was doing in the space but it
did feel like they were able to build a
brand whether it was based off of
vacation trips or otherwise that made
them really well known internationally
as an na guy there are some names that
are leaving the EU LCS I just don't I
never really was a we're not aware of I
mean I was aware of them but like I just
didn't didn't really know what they were
whatever and that might be even more of
a testament than Beckham whenever it was
na LCS and I obviously knew who some of
the teams were but or all the teams were
but they didn't know like what their
brand was or whatever it is just weird
yeah well on top of that like they
actually won unlike all these other
brands that I'm getting kicked out you
know you're not kicking on any like
historical
great teams I mean rockin unicorns of
love have both had their moments where
they like fourth or fifth place teams
but no one's even like a mortals level
right yeah yeah so you know you're not
really losing any like super good talent
from like a org perspective necessarily
yeah they've all middling orgs at best
in terms of like gameplay which i think
is what we always say is like the most
important thing for establishing a brand
which is why part of the reason I think
g2 split was that they did a really good
job getting there
together relics
there's a guy in chat Oh shucks this
morning getting ready and coming over
okay
a thermal effect in chat says it's a big
fuck you to the teams that have shown
they care a lot about their fans
particularly the unicorns their entire
thing was player engagement I don't know
if you have any thoughts on that I mean
that's kind of fair but at the same time
are you really a fan of an organization
or you fan of the players that make the
organization
it kinda suit so you finish no just
gonna say it comes down to do you care
more about you know an emblem and a
company face or do you care more about
the players that get to play together
I think unicorns of love is probably one
of the few orgs that had actual org fans
just because of their fucking name and
like how they kind of came into the
scene and how they've always been not
quite a for fun team but they've always
had more light hardness around them and
sheep being his dad were the owners or
whatever it's like I think unicorns of
love and I saw this as a popular
sentiment on reddit and the threads as
well was one of the few teams that they
did feel kind of like was a loss just
because they do have a pretty awesome
history I think I mean like I think okay
so unicorns of love for instance like
some people are saying it they do have a
you know cult following but then you
have teams like splice and gaming or you
kind of go yeah but what is Giants
gaming what is it actually does anyone
know Travis you know I don't know sorry
I was responding shocks yeah I but the
problem is is that you can say this
about a lot of the na LCS teams so
actually the very funny thing people
consistently give I think on look I'm
just repeating what I've seen on reddit
and I want this to reflect on me but
like people are frustrated that flight
quest made it in over immortals and I I
think what's weird is I'm curious to see
if there's any moments like that where
certain as a plane flies over my house
certain organizations make it in where
others don't and but yeah some of these
I think just are a little obvious to me
the h2k thing I
think it's very obvious like ACK had
blatant hostility towards riot time and
time again whether justified or not that
is not always the best political move
whenever rights like the sole decider on
if like the future of your life and and
I like and I think ultimately like
didn't have a great year like there's a
pretty good video that thorn did where
he like breaks down the letter that they
wrote or whatever and it's just like
it's just it's hard to I don't know it's
hard to leave in like a real business
deaf person wrote that yeah or like
something yes yeah I know what you mean
that was that was a rough letter yeah
couldn't you also then say that any team
that's the worst and then gets knocked
out he owes us wouldn't that be
basically a permanent relegation in a
way I mean those teams at least feel
like it was competitively driven versus
like you could you know argue pretty
well for unicorns love that like over
the course of their tenure in the u LCS
they've never been a terrible team or
whatever so I don't think it's quite the
same but they are trying to be more
focused on their future than the past
and like there's no thing worth
remembering
I know this was true in na and I haven't
followed the EU one close tough to know
if it's exactly the same but like you
get paid out for your time in the the EU
LCS based off the buy ins that the new
people are like coming in with so like
unicorns of love should get a
quote-unquote nice payout whatever that
ends up being I assumed several millions
of dollars yeah yeah before it was just
sends the blow yeah yeah yeah and
unicorns of love have been around a lot
longer than the mortals had been like
unicorns love early quest since season
four yeah yeah they've been around for
quite some time so I mean I think it's
like what I would I would just
characterize it as disappointing like I
I don't think anybody wants you know an
organization like unicorns love who has
very like well not grassroots but has
been a part of the scene for a while to
go away but the reality is is that this
is a situation where they're assessing
like the future of these organization
and company's financially business-wise
etc and I mean I don't know like it I
think hopefully unicorns of love
attempted to find like a big corporate
partner to tackle sets high up with and
it may be that just didn't come to
fruition in time I I don't know but I
don't know either way I do want to thank
you for your call reggae licks one point
two is that it feels extra bad right now
because for the most part these are all
leaks and you don't actually see which
new orgs and teams are coming in to
replace them exactly like you you hear
sources Real Madrid and sentinels of
like all these fucking random other
football teams but it's still hard to
get excited until you start seeing
rosters and actual stuff like that yeah
yeah alright thank you again reg reg
looks for your call thank you have a
good day okay let's grab another person
shout out to purple rake you for six
months that's awesome for his grizzly
hunter bits processor for five months
love you guys
well tell mark if he knows why this year
trailer was a recap of 2017 year we
talked about that I think the other
their day coolest 33,000 bits don't hate
the twitch chat it's like a bridge with
we're all trolls live haha hammock subs
and a I'll star ran our TV for eight
months and Thorin seven one nine four
ten some people have been around for a
while I don't know why it's not quality
content you get here mark is getting our
next caller and if you are turning in
shocks is joining us and just a little
bit she's headed over so and maybe yeah
20 or so minutes hopefully she'll be
here to keep an eye on my phone because
she could drop by at any any moment
thank you again for everybody who is
supporting a stream I'm probably going
to do a bounty there's a twitch bounty
that's up on Magic the Gathering arena
you guys stick around that's helpful for
me I'll do it afterwards unless Hawks
wants to like go get dinner or something
I don't know if she wants to do
and there's mark with killing you guy
killing you guy welcome to the show have
you been on before I have been on the
show Travis I think twice right well
thank you yeah thank you for being a
twitch sub it's appreciate it
where are you calling from I'm calling
from Newton Connecticut Newington
Connecticut what do you want to talk
about on the show tonight so I wanted to
talk about the rise video and I want to
preface the saw take by saying that I
think the video actually was pretty hype
I mean I like the song I like the cool
battle with faker at the end there are a
lot of like cool little you know Easter
eggs and things with different champions
and abilities and you know weapons all
throughout the video but I will say that
the video had like massive massive plot
holes in it in terms of the storyline
for worlds of 2017
so first of all Samsung Galaxy never
played fnatic in the whole tournament so
there's that first battle where you have
ambition squaring off as kha'zix
essentially against perks is Yasuo so
that that never happens because that was
each other
that was g2 that was a group stage they
played each other in groups
yeah the group was a g2 rng samsung
galaxy and one other but I can't quite
remember
oh my bad okay well once solved but for
RNG they actually lost RNG twice in
groups they didn't play them through the
because I was I was thinking that they
were doing like they're trying to figure
like quarterfinal semifinal final but
they did actually lose to RNG twice yes
so that's why to my interesting that's
why the escape anyway or omission
escapes is because he gets shot twice
and so the two shots like the from uzice
are supposed to represent the two losses
and then he I think somehow he used
sejuani in a game to get out of group or
out of that stage and that's how he
escapes and that's why I like easy
doesn't die in it or he doesn't actually
defeat is he he just like dodges oh okay
so it's in there maybe that's why he
comes back at the end or something where
yeah well also I think he comes back to
the end
people are like oh she ate it Suzy the
final boss in this world I think yeah
yeah I mean like the final boss for this
year but I I just I just think it maybe
it might have been and maybe it just
it's it's purely because a name value
because I mean perks is incredibly
popular it was use incredibly popular
but I mean in terms of like if they did
want to stage it like quarterfinal
semifinal finals I mean you got prey and
gorilla from long shoe that they could
have pulled from you know that as far as
an ADC you know as opposed to Z because
you know they actually did you know you
know win against them and that in that
case and then you know I get for W II
you know maybe 95 7 or she a I mean I
guess a lot of Western audiences don't
follow you know China as much but yeah I
mean it seemed like they picked mostly
iconic players yeah and I can understand
that for you know for recognition and
hype of the video and all that but I
don't know I just I think that they and
then the other I mean obviously to you
know just the fact that you know you
have faker and the video and he's yeah
he wasn't that is the storyline of
worlds last year but you know I just
feel like maybe riot could have done a
better job of maybe incorporating some
of the people that made it into Worlds
this year and maybe maybe it altered the
story a little bit I think the video was
super hype though I think it was the
music was great but I just think you
know there were a lot of opportunities
to I think incorporate part of this year
I think part of the problem is is that
when did we find out how recently did we
find out who is all going to be at
Worlds this year yeah you don't have
like an animation project like that
takes probably six months if things are
moving pretty well so that's why I think
like the they were probably able to make
some pretty educated guesses like other
zeusie like I quite frankly like I
wouldn't Lisa well I don't know if they
ever thought anybody that figure was
gonna be there this year but like I I'm
guessing that they took a lot of
educated guesses on some of the stuff
but it's hard for them I think to I hear
if you see our link go ahead mark I was
gonna say it was also the cat thing
where I'm pretty sure some scenes like
we're changing throughout the production
of it like the reason that perks and
[Music]
ambition or fighting in a lightning
storm is supposedly because that scene
started with reckless or something as
Kenan and then like they pivoted the
story or it was supposed to be a
reference to the fact that Kenan was
fighting it like fnatic was fighting
elsewhere or something I forget but like
you know these are the kinds of things
really you have an initial vision you
start working on it you storyboard it
you timeline it you get your initial
like work sent back from this production
studio where you're trying to coordinate
this with a song that's probably in
development like you know I think it's
it actually came out surprisingly well
given how many moving parts there
probably were yeah and I guess that
makes sense because if it was six months
ago
then that was probably around the time
the reckless benched himself as well
which maybe might have gonna explain the
pivot yeah that would've been awkward
yeah I I could also see I could see the
argument of it's weird to release a hype
video for this year's worlds that is all
about last year's worlds I could see
their argument I actually think maybe it
doesn't matter because it's like just
too cool so ultimately like in my
opinion there's a lot in in creative
things oftentimes you're like well this
doesn't really make sense like who the
fuck cares it's cool and like let's just
do it and I think that's where a lot of
the stuff in this video is it's like it
doesn't matter I still got so hyped and
I loved the video he got me really
excited for this year's worlds to like
represent the story even though I do
kind of see like it is weird to like
maybe that's the video that you should
released a couple months later video
shooter released a couple months later
yeah who knows people complain about was
like a lot of those matchups didn't
specifically happen look I don't think
he played Kazakhs against Perks in any
of the games is like Yasuo you know
losing I just picked iconic champions
but like that's a for me that feels
pretty pretty nitpicky because uh
there's so many other things going on in
it trying to promote the the kha'zix
world skin I guess maybe ah maybe yeah
potentially either way thank you so much
for your call
killing you going I appreciate it yeah
thanks you guys everyone guys twitch n
as always please be nice no name-calling
of the of the callers like it's fine if
you like they hang up email it is fun
but like if you're calling people idiots
that's just kind of rude you know I it
just makes me sad when I see that
alright mark off to the next caller Oh
off he goes it's not a mission thank you
to Thorne oh I already said thorn snake
snake
I don't know I go to sweat and I party
with Gatsby for the twitch prime subs
thank you we are on our way to a record
twitch prime sub allotment because I've
been streaming so much lately so that's
kind of cool hey tray 35 in chat I see
you I see you hello hello ex relics ex
relics welcome to the show were you
calling from
sorry one more time okay California
native living in Germany very good what
time is it there 5:45 well thank you for
being up so early what are what why are
you up so early the world's topic going
back to you na LCS sure this is about
golden Guardians so wait I ask you why
are you up so early and your answer is
cuz Thorin released a video 11 hours ago
that makes sense because the orange
videos are usually about 12 hours long
so I can understand why you're still
awake you're still watching the video he
released it's almost over I swear okay
but essentially it's a and I agree with
this so I will speak of the same mind as
on this it's a huge disappointment that
golden Guardians with very substantial
backing
went with an all na team without really
getting much na talent yeah good on them
for getting contracts and I think
definitely it was also a good pickup but
the rest of that team is not going to
speak to the strength of local and a
talent yeah so full disclosure I'm good
friends with hunter and spell Z who run
golden Guardians I make I try to make
that call out anytime I I discuss this
but so first off I would agree it is
disappointing I think the the biggest
problem I have with golden Guardians is
that they message this as like we're
getting an all na team rather than what
they also said at the time but they said
there's a little quieter it's like we're
making a development team and so I think
if you what meaning like we want to pick
up players who we think have been
underserved in other organizations and
see if we can improve them and make them
better and some cases that's like it
definitely even who came from the
Challenger scene right so rather than
like they've tried to approach like
everything the opposite of Steve right
just go spend as much money to get the
biggest names and the biggest players
and see what they can do and so I think
I also think it's tough because them
coming from the Golden State Warriors
side there are so many expectations that
they failed to meet undoubtedly failed
to meet just in terms of like you you
associate that organization with like
winning and victory and to kind of kind
of come in and make quite frankly the
worst roster and I think sort of
discussed like they didn't really do a
good job of explaining how they were
planning on developing these players
obviously like loco toca left the
organization pretty early which is a
pretty big sign that like things are you
know like you used to talk about how
it's all gonna be about the
infrastructure are you gonna develop the
stuff and then sort of the key that you
have to do that it doesn't end up
working out so I don't know I think I
100% agree there's no way to describe
golden Guardians it's anything other
than
yeah Jacques Mesrine other than
disappointing but I think a lot of that
is just in the way they message this so
I think a lot I think I can understand
why fans wouldn't be excited about that
Ross even if you're like yeah we're
looking to develop young talent like we
still did a fucking worse job than c9
like like if your approach is developing
young talent how about you don't trade
away your draft picks at scouting
grounds draft how much you actually
attend the event and put resources into
scouting it properly which they didn't
do
unlike Cena who traded up in the draft
and we're like one of the teams who sent
their coaching staff there to help
develop or like try and get a good feel
for the players I think if you want to
try and sign and find developing new
talent you don't sign guys who have been
in the scene for three years I think a
lot of those guys are actually competent
players too I just don't think you build
a team out of them altogether I think
they're like role players on other teams
probably yeah so like like I just I
don't even think they like took their
own approach close to correctly at all
and then like Travis said letting go of
loco from what I have heard what
happened in that situation was honestly
pretty minor and I could be wrong here
and I don't really want to get too far
into it but like he is someone who
despite all his problems that people
have with him sometimes in his
personality most players will sing his
praises about how much they've learned
from them you heard our talk said like
despite how much they butt heads he was
typing in his twitch chat about how
local was the person who's like teaching
him the most and so like yeah I I think
even if you did have like a let's
develop these guys approach you got rid
of the only guy who was gonna do that
like it's it's pretty fucking it's a lot
of hubris to think that like we're gonna
come in and develop players that no one
else could because we understand the
scene or something like conversely
conversely I think or not conversely but
additionally on the coaching front they
put their faith in their assistant coach
who loco hired instead of picking like
flight quest picked up same vicious you
could have done that you could have
picked up same vicious who had a proven
track record of developing
talent or cop and and both optic and fly
quest both had much better summer splits
after picking up these players it's it's
interesting to think like what could
have been done there I know an arrow
joined up eventually but it was kind of
late in the timeframe I think they
should have picked up st. in cop like if
you were going to loot if at you cannot
say we are the development org and then
not have and then also also be
developing coaches like you either need
to spend on coaches who have coaches and
infrastructure who have the experience
or you need to spend on players who have
a proven track record but you both have
players that don't have a proven track
record and coaches that are don't have a
proven track record you're setting
yourself up for failure in that
situation it's even like the coaching
one not so much - it's not just like a
proven a not proven track record like
they're unknown quantities it's like
we've seen these guys losing or like not
succeeding for a while yeah other than
contracts and arguably definitely and
what do you know those are the two guys
who worked out the most for them I would
argue yeah so like yeah I think they did
they did not approach scouting grounds
or the Challenger scene with any attempt
to develop talent so I I don't even buy
into that argument at all I would say
their Academy was a joke the only
veteran core that they had was logo and
high originally so and they were both
gone within six months so I think that's
a huge bummer and let's not forget this
was the first team that was featured in
Oracle Arena from na how cool would it
have been if they actually did
everything correctly and it would have
made some triumphant return and been the
home team I think that would have been
awesome yeah a Greek yep the good news
by the way is that they are hiring a
general manager I see a lot of people on
twitch chat who think they could make a
lot of good decisions you should go
apply everyone go apply for the general
manager position right now in spam
they're in actually it would be
hilarious
instead of all you applying you got so
much in twitch chat starter Google
and everyone right in their skill sets
and like build a fictitious character of
an amalgamation of all your skill sets
and just say that you have to work
remotely and then maybe they hire you
and then all of twitch chat can continue
to kind of like as a group make
decisions and vote on favorites twitch
chat plays LCS that's what I want to
place GM for guardians i I thought you
were gonna say they should apply as
twitch chat like we the collective would
like this GM job don't need to pretend
you're not yeah just gift gift everyone
subs - Travis gafford's twitch channel
and they will that's their salary salary
ex relics thank you for the call yes the
sponsor plug yeah let's go for it
alright everyone and let me see if maybe
I can do this I want to talk to you
about our sponsor not title t our
sponsor who this show is sponsored right
now just so you know the sponsor is a
mystery and I want to thank this sponsor
so much because the support they are
showing mark and I for this show is
incredible and I'd love for you guys to
get behind our sponsor right now so feel
free you know if you're if you're
excited about their sponsorship of the
show to put a bunch of question marks in
the chat because that's really the only
way I have to reference them let me tell
you about the sponsor specifically
because I know you guys have a lot of
questions you want to know about them so
they are a company that exists they are
out there they do things they sponsor
things with marketing dollars and they
make products and wait wrap and if you
spam question mark your nightbot times
them out well I mean like spam one
question mark like collectively they
need to spam one question mark at a time
five-second right I'm not worried anyway
so they they make a product maybe
multiple products I can't I can't really
disclose that and they were either in
the digital or
sickled space but man I cannot wait
until you guys find out who this sponsor
is and you will find out about them in
the future and so that's when we'll be
able to talk to you guys about the
sponsor but again thank you so much the
sponsor for their support of our show
they do incredible things with and they
have incredible products or product and
they're there's incredible people or
people so thanks to the sponsor for your
support of our show can't wait to talk
to you guys more about them in the
future unless we run in the next color
discord is dying or I'm dying hello mark
can you hear me what is happening to my
stream
hello hello I am currently on skype okay
because I have been replaced by a robot
yeah built by our gentleman sponsor well
are I yeah I don't know what happened
there I thought it was for a second that
my internet was coming out but it looks
like it was just discord sucking discord
server went boom yeah okay it looks like
it's green again did you hear me on
skype yeah I did hear you on skype so
now we're good call them can we call
them our gentleman sponsor well I don't
want to I don't want to gender though
that would our gentle person sponsor
they love what we do and would like to
anonymously support us in our endeavors
yes for now but they will be revealed in
the future so again thank you so much to
our sponsor let's move on to the next
caller all righty
as we move on I believe our guests
should be arriving shortly
how long is shortly if you had to
estimate I you you would know where she
is staying presumably yeah she said she
left she left 10 minutes ago
you know where I live pretty shortly
okay cool I don't know where she's
staying so thank you by the way to some
some folks that boy dense wonderful wall
Oh 25 greaser it's your boy deej odd
polygon and John Malan for the twitch
crime subs and regular subs again by
subbing this channel you get
satisfaction I don't got no explanation
for it other than that but I miss this
whenever we started hotline League it
was just me and Mark we didn't really do
the guest thing every week and so it's
just a different I forgot what it was
like to just have to fill time while
he's going and doing this I usually fill
time which with a ton of twitch prime
subs and twitch subs but I guess I don't
you know there's only a couple of those
tonight so I'm only in two don't need to
do that so now we just
and we're just hanging out here hey it's
maze maze welcome to the show this how's
it going very good where you calling
from
Stano in New York what Stan Stan Island
Staten Island The Forgotten borough okay
yeah I know I don't know about boroughs
anyway what do you want to talk about on
the show tonight talk about meta going
into worlds I feel like the last couple
of patches like 8.15 8.16 were like kind
of figured out or like played so
thoroughly we're kind of not on like any
different patch in terms of like what
the changes were like I know there are
changes to Darius and fiora recently
we've invalidate tanks and like the top
lane but I feel like there's no
different there's no varying trend and
that the meta is pretty this point
essentially so mark mark really quickly
I just want to ask you about this there
are a lot of well at the beginning at
least there are a lot of seemingly local
games and and planes I feel like maybe
I'm wrong tell me if I'm wrong because
I'm only seeing some of them because
eventually I fall sleep fight like there
were many times where I'm looking I'm
like wow it is 10 minutes and like one
person has died or nobody has died or I
don't know I think the first day both
like not the entire day but the first
couple games of the first two days were
really slow like g2 versus supermassive
even though supermassive won that game
in an upset it was like seven kills
total I think so I know what you're
saying it really did change from there
like a lot of the games were very bloody
and exciting I will question both amazed
and twitch chat I agree with your point
that this is one of the most or I should
say least changed metas heading into
worlds of the fewest changes and that's
something people had always been asking
for is they didn't want a juggernaut
patch they didn't want
art and sensor to just get buffs right
before worlds and
everyone has to play through their bot
lanes and so I'm not saying that I want
that I'm saying that like like champions
like Oh got like Koreans weren't playing
it or na wasn't playing it until like
gauntlet like nobody played it nobody
picked it during the playoffs and I feel
like do you think we're gonna see any
champions like that come out like that
we're just not seeing I mean maybe
Darius because he got buffs like Darius
and fiora but are there any other
champions that we might see that didn't
get any changes yeah we've already seen
a couple especially in the top lane like
a licorice star playing with Sondra as a
counter to forgot and it actually did
really well he did it twice and then G
Rex I think it was hold it out as well
and they said they did it specifically
because they saw licorice do it so I
think you will see you know it won't be
as exciting because I think the
priorities are largely figured out more
so but like I think you will see one or
two new picks show up but I was gonna
ask twitch chat like do you prefer this
where you kind of know all the majority
of the priority and power picks coming
out for this start of the tournament or
and it's much more competitively fair so
to say because this is the champions
people kind of qualified on or did you
prefer the kind of crazy-ass shit that
happened with a big patch but it was not
really fair to some of the teams because
now they had to kind of relearn the game
I don't know what people preferred mean
even when Zyra was a pick and then
misfortune was just pulled out and like
was it quarters or semies of yeah so
like that that was crazy and I really
like that so I hope that the toilet like
we could see stuff like that and it's
not just all kind of front-loaded like
at the beginning I get into a groove
where they're just yeah I mean part of
this right now is that were just like
not in a super - moment of worlds you
know like it's playing stage if licorice
busted out that lissandra pick versus
you know somebody in group stage and
like upset rng with
or something I think people would be
really excited so we'll have to see but
it sounds like an twist yet there's a
lot of like they prefer this this is
better slightly a mix or just those
trucks into the apartment but I don't
know where she didn't show up at all
right you buzzed her into the complex
yeah yeah yeah but you're like yeah just
keep stalling I'm doing a great job
Travis what do you prefer I prefer the
air
Travis walked away I was watching stream
which is about 15 seconds behind my bad
I think adaptations will always come
through like even when we saw the Leona
come out last year out of misfits and
stuff like that like I think the teams
that are underdogs will continue trying
to innovate and hopefully like that
causes some upsets and then the teams
that are kind of playing the metamour
will be able to pick up what they think
actually works the best out of them what
do you think like do you have any uh
like just picks that you think might be
used or you don't like do you have any
insider information insider if it goes
the Zoomer
I'm not what which you come from
III don't have anything that I would I
would say I want to speak on but there
are some toppling counters people have
discussed but haven't played yet I
thought what we saw out of g2 was really
cool where they flex the Akali to the
top lane to deal with like some of the
counter picks that come in mid for the
Akali I thought that was really smart
because she feels like something that
can get kind of dealt with through
Gallio zillion and a couple other of the
more control II supportive mages I like
that a hindrance being pick of being
picked more I mean I know she was pretty
popular but especially into ergot when
you could just like completely deny um
the execute yeah it took a lab or a
couple times to figure out exactly how
that interaction work Travis you've
watched a lot of play in stage what are
your some
your favorite pics of the meta hmm
trucks got lost and had to re exit the
complex and buzz me again how is that
why don't you go down and get her well I
didn't anticipate this situation but I
hear the elevator running so I think we
should be good now okay I think we
should ask twitch chat who their
favorite pics were twitch chat do you
have thoughts it's gonna take him about
15 seconds to start typing things
volibear and I've earned ant that'll
cause a TC was something we saw it and
that was I thought pretty cool but they
also the other team that was doing it
super telegraphed it and they picked
Soraka and vein and so the vel'koz could
have flex mid but once you see that shit
you're like all right free Lane Calista
is kind of poopy trundle we saw Tranmere
be interesting as like a super split
pushers zigs we saw some zigs went
pretty well you can just join nice thank
god marc was stalling how long have you
been awake a half 20 minutes okay good
well good morning good to have you here
everyone this is Shox she is an
up-and-coming broadcaster in the eSports
space yeah
specifically in League of Legends hi
this is like a throwback yeah I'm gonna
get you some cereal
what do you have shredded wheat stuff
that's good that's so boring on Travis
you know you have like these in America
advertised like colorful cheeto
breakfast cereal no I don't have cheeto
breakfast cereal I'm sorry but you sound
like an EU person and twitch a train
okay so mark why don't you cuz we do
have a collar right now I believe right
yeah it's a good size okay maze is still
here they're talking about the world
and mazes somewhat disappointed that
it's not am I correct in this
disappointed that the matter at all dude
he's not I liked it
he was just pointing out that this is
one of the most solve motives we've had
going into Worlds dachshund do you
prefer when we have like just big shocks
do you prefer when we have big patch
changes heading into world no kind of
fucks the meadow or do you prefer this
no I prefer this I also think for all
the trouble that we had like kind of in
the year and in this season that I'm
really happy with where the game is that
right now in the way that games at least
in plains and then all the playoffs and
all the gauntlets have played out with a
heavy teamfight focus and not like the
teamfight focus where you win - and you
still can break anything
some people argue that it's a bit too
much on the well if you get when you get
bare and you're done but then that's
also the point of Baron right at the end
of the game so yeah and well I also
think it's cool that some people still
pull out mages in the bot lane and like
himer still gets banned and stuff so
yeah I'm a happy happy camper am i quiet
no you are plenty fine okay some people
are actually saying move away but ignore
them I'm like oh what check and can
handle their own volume control actually
everyone's saying right now if sealer
saying louder
mark evading are they just always
trolling I think you're a little closer
than microphone it oh sorry guys thank
ya as I'm looking at this oh is it
ASMR shocks careful you will piss off
twitch chat Travis sometimes trolls them
with the ASMR yeah thank you I mean that
being said there's a difference between
you and Travis that I can't quite put my
finger but something's different between
you two
and why twitch chat would maybe Marc's
pretty quiet to us where's that normal I
can you talk again mark hello okay hmm
okay well so no it's gonna be cereal
ASMR okay so did we wrap up this
conversation pretty much Shox agreed
that she prefers the
approach to worlds where it's largely
similar to how teams qualified I'm
worried because I think North America
might suck if there's not a we do best
in unsolved Meadows do we I actually
don't even think we're very innovative
he's in the firt yeah but is in the
first week of groups we do really well
there because everyone's like stumbling
to figure out what's going on and then
once they actually figure it out we just
suck our chili I don't know I think we
also just choke our faces off because
we're like maybe I'd be more worried if
like it's like a because the early game
is doing really well right it's all
about snowballing mid jungle so I often
when I tune in to na LCS it takes a
while for things to happen but I haven't
seen every game of course either way
Thank You maze for the call I'm sorry
that I was afk for some of it it's okay
thanks for having me on Travis yeah this
is fun yeah it is everybody who comes on
this shows like oh what is this I have
to do this work thing and whatever and
then they come on and then they talk to
strangers and it's quite fun imagine if
Marc wasn't here it would actually be
really fun yeah well if you want I can
leave mark can you go grab your hair
color I think I've done enough to get
paid for this episode right Travis want
me where could you go grab the next
color you and him
yeah well yes because we were waiting
for you Raz was potentially gonna come
on this is a leak but then like I guess
he couldn't we went to dinner yeah
but thank you to grillak endeavor 105
EXO side exploits I don't know a cos
jackknife am Kermit Sudoku and yon star
who's also known as yoni yoni no no I
both know do we have okay we don't have
the next color yet so this is normally
when we film I can ask me question how
is this is when we feel how's LA fort
been for you not really night's
wonderful
um how are you yeah that's good
yeah so um I could ask you a question
yeah and no I'm sorry I was just doing
luckily I've been here before so luckily
so I've seen we've hung out a lot in LA
and I've seen a lot of LA so it's not
like I wanted to do any sightseeing yeah
but it is really odd trying to sleep
during the day and getting up at night
the oddest thing is that at the end of
the show I'm super awake yeah because
it's like Oh cuz your body reacts to
sunlight I guess or it's a light yeah
and goes like well good morning to you
and I feel fine and I could probably
stay up for like four or five six hours
but of course you can't
so that's tricky but on the other hand I
think like you know it's a job and many
plenty of people have to do tonight
shift so I'm not gonna sulk about that I
got used to it within two days the first
two days was really really rough
especially from like eut yeah cuz you
don't have that much time to catch up so
no we got in I actually got in that 9
p.m. and rehearsal was at 1:00 a.m. so
four hours later so um it was rough but
yeah it's actually not that hard now
nice I don't think well dr. Manhattan is
joining us welcome to the show dr.
Manhattan hello hello good to be on here
once again yeah oh you're a regular yeah
he calls him frequently and thank you
for being a twitch sub okay are you from
I'm turning over cedar Florida or DC DC
I I remember okay I'm getting my
surprise yeah because I met him in
Florida and in Miami but I remember now
that he traveled there
I got it wrong one time dr. Manhattan
what do you want like what on the show
tonight what I would like to talk about
today is one of the more infamous
unofficial Awards at the World
Championship it this year or every year
and that is the dotty award and who my
bold prediction for the dadhe award is
for this world championship okay well
who is it I will predict that this
year's dotty award will be none other
than fanatics midlaner caps Oh
okay anyway Doc's yeah did you want did
you wait were you hoping the shocks
would be here for this are you were you
worried yeah okay um well
so I'm not like I'm not gonna lie it is
one of my worst nightmares like all the
hype fanatic has been giving in caps has
been getting it's like insanity I've not
like and then these like scrim rumors of
they're better than 2015 like it's like
can you stop
yeah Reapers and various receipts all I
can say - like caps in particular like
if anything like reckless underperform
that MSI right and he was like supposed
to be or he was the MVP when he when he
went there I don't think caps in itself
will ever feel that hard he's really
talented kid he's like he's one of those
mechanical geniuses that comes around
not very often he's a type of guy that
has no phone that like breeds League
that like doesn't even maybe shower
sometimes he just wants to go straight
to the soul look you you know what I
mean he's he's one of those froggen
types yeah bjergsen types I want to say
faker talks but I know people will get
angry but like and he's been really
chill every situation he's been put in I
mean that I'm not saying that fnatic is
gonna do extremely well because of that
but I don't think he necessarily is
gonna fail unless you know he gets put
on Nami mid or something I don't know
you know what I mean but yeah I can see
what you mean with all the hype and
stuff well you're just contributing
right now you were like there's it's not
gonna happen it's gonna be fine and now
I feel like the the bigger is me you saw
MSI right that was the whole eye I get a
little triggered when people go like
when Capps is named in any kind of list
where he's high yeah it's not that he's
not shown it he's definitely shown that
at MSI he was a very good mid laner and
he held his own and did really well
under a lot of them and um hmm - Fisher
called him the best mid at MSI I mean
you could say that I I think the thing
is I'm afraid to say things like that
cuz of like community shit and whatnot
but he was really fucking good and I
don't think any boobs number one so yeah
yeah we're good here we swear all the
time yeah
so yeah yeah maybe rookie I was gonna
say rookies really good and that'll be
fun but outside him I don't think you'll
have that many great mid laners no but
mark couldn't rookie beacon doesn't for
the data yeah yeah last time yeah I mean
especially after a rookie was talking
shit and being like man there's only one
person in the tournament I wanted to
face and that was faker and he's not
even here
but I don't think it'll be anyone from
from Group D the whole group doesn't
feel like all right put this like I
don't think there's anyone in there
who's expected to do really well and
it's gonna go up against enough like
competent players that they're gonna
look terrible like even if caps
underperforms I don't think it's gonna
be like oh man I'm getting solo killed
by Ryu and candy things things go
normally right like I don't know I mean
that's this kind of points like the da
de award he was most really good but I
was at Scout saying you only want to
play fake apologies well be honest it
has really been really good audio
already to though he fucking choked his
face off in 2017 and they lost the game
so far so I don't I don't know so
rookies a chance for it any other ideas
oh my god yes I think someone from I
think most likely it's someone from
Group B you don't want to read that
twitch out anyways I do file I never get
the chills
that's pretty chill for the most part
you get the couple trolls who are out of
control rate the cereal it's actually
pretty good
I guess it's healthy
you sent me a message that's what hi
I don't hmm that's it's got a vanilla
taste to it somehow you know I'm all
right I don't need Lucky Charms here
although I would if they wanted to
sponsor the show but okay so so you
think caps but but mark do you think
there's a chance that could be caps I
could see if fanatic doesn't get out of
groups somehow and caps is part of that
reason maybe he gets it but that's
really the only way is there anyone else
from the West right now that has that
level of spotlight on them I feel like
it TL has kind of flown under the radar
because of this crazy fanatic hype and
maybe that's that's good for them
probably but I am quite excited for Team
Liquid like I I was excited for them
also at MSI yeah so that's I'm just I'm
trying not to get excited for Team
Liquid because I the the rumors are that
the only team that's doing well is is
fnatic and certainly I haven't talked to
Peter too much but he hasn't said like
man we're smash at everyone which I in
my past experiences with him he's he has
a tendency to say that if things are
going well so Mark tweeted your on a few
yeah I wanted to do a swipe up okay well
she is fucking addicted to Instagram oh
yeah mark Marcus figure this out because
he you guys are on the desk together all
the time yeah yeah like well I know she
posted on Instagram like the pictures
daily yeah basically which is like what
a lot of influencers do I don't read
stories I don't post stories I am like
totally out of the loop on how to
appease stories are and she just doing
stories like six times over the
broadcast yeah well yeah I like to keep
people I think people liked it they said
like stories are cool I just I just
never been around someone I don't think
Mark does this anymore but did you know
that for a while mark would just scroll
down and like every photo that he saw do
that yes I was like one really good cuz
there's like oh wow mark like this
picture didn't get that much engagement
he's like one of my few friends that
liked it turns out that he's just like
you're one of everyone I actually kind
of liked that you you like turn you
don't pay too much attention to it and
and you just like go all in yeah well
it's really easy because I think I only
follow 39 people and like half of them
don't even post that much you know like
it's high and like a couple of like I
think I follow like lore low and like
random players you like don't post that
much and so when I scroll through I can
go from like you know they like the in
case you missed it line or like all
caught up line I can get through that in
like two minutes
so then I hadn't you're still here oh
yeah I am
what are you everybody's to the caps the
dismissal of the caps thing because I
actually like as you said I think it's a
really good point right like there's
gonna be a ton of pressure on this on
this guy and and we'll have to sort of
see how things go
I'm really everything that basically
people say when people say oh my god but
he's too height but this that that it
might be ninjas feeds to the whole thing
that yeah this guy is hyped and that's
kind of what would make him you know
fail and honestly I kind of that's kind
of just like my reach one if like if you
like like I would say another person
it's actually pretty good for the Dada
award it's actually set up quite well is
the shy just because usually these Nami
awards tend to be people who haven't
gone to too many international
tournaments such as like Nami da de get
God V these are all Dottie Award winners
who like that was their first worlds and
then they just completely perform
abysmal yeah so who we got last year's
something it was a debate between icon
and be Roxon okay I figured it was con
yeah but do you said the shy right
that's another person I could see like
yeah yeah because like he is like super
hyped I know also unlike our preparation
talks people like yeah we think he might
be very good you know maybe there's also
keen of course but like he might be
really really good so and we've not
really seen him yeah but some people do
so well with the pressure and just don't
give a f--- like wit but when he killed
Cod little punk on bended dot a player
for me for the past two international
tournaments mm-hm
likewise either way thank you so much
dr. Manhattan for calling in thank you
once again and also I just want to say
that last time the first time I call
when Nick Allen was on the show I
actually predicted that TSM would not
make world's kind of as a joke and it
came true yeah well you're not a kind of
as a joke
just act like you can't be right about
caps I will hunt you down please don't
let me down okay you've made an enemy to
my tonight dr. Manheim potentially
potentially yeah thank you so much for
the call
thank you something thank you so much
having me on yeah so pro with this tribe
as we used to have people on the way out
shout out our sponsor what do we say for
our new general shout out to the sponsor
but like we gotta have something cooler
than that like shout out to the mystery
sponsor they don't have to say anything
they can do whatever they want they must
shout them out salanio you will never
get back on Salani odd reset for two
months
speedy dickster thank you for the twitch
prime I don't know
bubble Cola gives us up to sham sham
sham for someone's killing you guy a
hundred bits boba Cola give to Southern
ivme real foxy gift is up to shocks
congratulations socks shocks I don't
know yeah it's a little shocking to find
out that you awesome bubble call it gift
us up to Jackalope
I forgot my choice login camelot yeah
okay Dani lame subbed with a twitch
prime as well we're coming up on a world
record for subs by the way and that we
are do 25 just gifted a bunch of them so
I I will shout I will get to that after
this call Eduardo Salinas I'm not gonna
ask if that's your full name and real
name but it seems like it might be
shoutouts to you for using a name like
that what is here where you calling from
bazoom oh great glad to talk to you how
are you doing over there
we're pretty angry Reina pretty angry
okay so talk to me what do you want to
talk about on the show tonight so I want
to talk about how semen was dominant in
their booth because you know their group
was weaker than the rest he named the c9
we're supposed to moons they will be
able to come back because they were just
better mechanically but they have to
step up their games for the best-of-five
and for the group stage if they want to
get someone yeah I mean I think that
that's potentially a fair assessment
mark what do you what's your take I
would definitely agree I think
especially given the fact that the one
sees all
as the pool one that was really hoping
g2 would choke it so we could hopefully
see someone knocked out which let's see
I got a group B but that's probably not
gonna happen and their current level
looks like they're gonna get fucking
smash by just about everyone and then
like maybe be even with vitality that we
haven't seen them in a little while so
c9 has really gotta shape up I don't
think there's there at all of losing the
best-of-five that they're about to play
versus yam bit but other than that
yikes yeah
I think that they were put against
kaboom that they paid horribly this time
and against the Japanese region which
was supposed to be the worst weekend in
law police what we were like thinking
and even though they almost lost a game
to the Japanese region and against
kaboom they proved a lot so it would be
able to just win and eat anything but
they also took the ball a couple of
times against them also and the stage
you're not gonna have or Japanese region
playing like that they're not gonna be
forgiving and they're gonna pretty much
smash Nani they don't change because I
think Snider has been getting gambit I
think they're gonna be fine against them
but again they're gonna have a really
hard doesn't matter what you were put in
so that's the game yeah yeah yeah I
think anyone hoping to see like c9 come
in and just look like the c9 that we've
seen so often a world where they're just
like something at this Bluff I think
maybe a little disappointed from what
plans I mean if anything the fact that
they have that history yeah that's the
only thing that I'm like and I want to
be careful here because I've gotten so
much flak for I I went you know c9 was
struggling against ljl of course her
post game would be about how that was
the case and then I would get so much
shit of like you're so biased I'm
surprised anyone from North America's
awake to hate but yet it wasn't that
convincing right it definitely wasn't
and don't don't worry about getting hate
on this show I mean we're the biggest
hundred thieves haters and apparently we
hate Europe
well we um a lot so to you know just
embrace it everyone
explain to you I went and my honest
opinion is that I've very often seen
like situations in which cloud nine was
counted out even in the NA LCS right and
like even this year yeah and then like
times what they meet that in scene
gauntlet run like now again they were
super good in that gauntlet so I don't
know I think Reaper and this coaching
staff they have things up their sleeves
fence Karen can come in and possibly
give a lot of leadership to line up so I
wouldn't sell them down the line just
yet because they would be ending up in
group with vitality right vitality
afreeca i I just woke up a freak no it's
rng so I on the plus side no one's
expecting you to get out so like I think
all they have to do is pick vitality hey
well it would be nice if they would get
out of course it would be very nice no
one remembers a team that got like third
instead of fourth and group stage I mean
all those guys not savvy and Hugh
apologist but g2 got that group two
years in a row and people stepped
shitting on them all the time so yeah we
got one year one year right I think they
got Samsung the other years well wait
were they in the the group deal with TSM
no no way I think they were at one point
time right because Samsung in orangey
have been together for three years in a
row and one was group D with TSM and
then last year's was Group C with G 2
and I always forget the fourth team the
Lea pedia to the win
TSM got it the other area here it was
teo slice yeah you're right yes my fear
yeah twitch chat with the safe thanks to
chef so much higher than us yeah exactly
as their as their googling away making
sure hahaha I always I always knew it
sorry guys I don't know where this
helicopter circling oh yeah see LG g2
rocks and a and X and G 2 goes one and
five oh yeah okay that that was the like
I think that was the meme right wasn't
it yeah yeah G 2 & 4 that's what that
came from yeah that's I think that's
still unforgivable that that happened
I'm not gonna lie that was that was
crazy yeah I love I love that GT we'll
never live that down it feels like
people always bring it up hey guys
Shih Tzu also played the MSI
in 2000 last year in Brazil against SKT
and and took one game off them yeah
sociology in 2016
yeah exactly so that's I think for na
and EU that's like our claims yeah we
can actually make it work so yeah and
MSI is actually the more difficult
because it's the hardest like the number
one seeds from our region so yeh CLG and
z2 it's actually easier cuz there's only
one Korean team oh well a potato potato
it's hotter 40d what good morning Shox
uh Eduardo did you have any other
thoughts or follow-ups there uh I just
wanted to say that if things are not
working for c9 they have this six-man
roster right they have Spence pairing to
rely on if they need to change things up
that's what that up to I don't know I
just don't believe that Spence garen's
the guy that's gonna lead them no
offensive since Karen I just don't think
you sub him in and then he leads them
out of the group of death yeah I think
he's good and like if the best-of-five
first game it starts going bad I think
Spence cares the perfect guys sub in and
like return things to normal C but when
you're talking about eating R and G and
s Samsung to like get out of that group
you need like I think it's gonna be
blabber like just has the greatest games
of all time and like you know we keep
like being like Oh blabber and he like
goes into crazily but I feel like that's
what you need in those best ones that
might really work you have to be a
little insane yeah yeah you have to eat
five or altima --tz-- i believe in black
meet them and weirdo thank you so much
for the call that's good Portuguese bye
nice thing going I don't I
it's so nice to have you here cuz I
international people call and I say
goodbye I mean that I just don't one
word in Brazil and Portuguese yeah I
don't know it we need a shock sound
board of her saying goodbye and like
eight languages yeah yeah we just
pressed that when we get an internet
that's pretty good yeah all right on to
the next color oh no it's Lulu soap that
we're do 25 gifted uh sub gifted five
subs you will I unloaded while Ian 777
Frankenstein G
initial void aunty cursor I Karen subt
brain bits with under bits its limb
Buerkle 24 frozen state 777 the Lin
beard Kai's oku 1337 equal and I mad
thank you all you guys I hit a new sub I
unlocked a new sub yeah yeah we broke a
record great job
yeah hey you know it's so typical did
you see that tweet where I get the
g-tube plaque off the wall
no and what you don't follow my Twitter
yeah I meet it it was like what when
they lost versus super massive and then
they were looking like they were losing
versus attention hello hello one second
hi we're almost with you sharks is
finishing her story the one where I take
it off the wall has like 8000 favorites
and the one where I put it back only has
like half no this is where I put it back
and it's like people just love to flame
people that's my point like they look at
the other one that's okay this one this
one how have you not seen this this was
popping off I I mean that's it when did
he post it oh yeah before I am yeah I
was
okay so we do have a caller minty frills
is joining us welcome in t frills to the
show hi thanks and I usually watch it on
YouTube later because I'm in Sweden and
it's 6:30 a.m. right now oh yeah why are
you up at 6:30 I lose track of time I
was working on stuff no but I don't have
to get up at any specific time this is
fine
where we're generally whereabouts a
sweet irony call from Stockholm oh yeah
yeah it's nice we we love Socko my even
if you don't so that's good
minty Fritz we - people just don't say a
very strong statement it's nice it's not
amazing it's listen it's good Stockholm
is fucking incredible
minty frills what do you want to talk
about on the show tonight yeah I think
that gambit have the potential to be
lc9 which I was rooting for c9 and
gambit while watching all week yeah
and then they're like gonna play against
each other and I'm like I've rather
gambit win because they have been doing
some really creative comps and the card
is Jin Nocturne at emicida summer was
just so good yeah and I just want to see
more people play different things many
frills I I think you're you stayed up
really late you seem a little tired yeah
no I just mean in your takes like I know
I'm not sure this you would have to be
de Leiria was you really did sleep
because I think you're losing it a
little bit I will say that gambit is
like so I agree with you that the msi
gambit that was the one I was excited
for like they did some stuff with the
cards that's with the knocks and I was
like whoa you know and it worked in the
best of ones it didn't work in the best
of fives where they didn't have enough
up their sleeve but I haven't seen any
of that now and overall they just look
worse right it's like they haven't found
a good approach after them so I yeah I
would have given it to them more them
aside in here but we did just talk about
how CNN sucks right now yeah that is
true yeah and I mean I heard you were
talking about like the meta before and
that you think it like people are saying
it's settled and like I'm just thinking
of Starcraft 2 and how that like Zerg
proto's meta like changed after forever
of nothing happening somebody just
figured out another way so I'm sure
people can figure out new strats that
nobody thought of like even if nothing
changed yeah that's a really good point
by the way now more than ever it's the
time to be innovative because everyone's
so used to the idea that you can play
like oh now we actually have a stable
meta now we can just rely on what we
know but if some team can actually come
out with something that nobody expected
which of course there's probably
undiscovered stuff in the meta you could
really suddenly change things up yeah I
mean there's definitely undiscovered
stuff but the hard part about
discovering it is you have to have it
thank you for the most part even if it
is like a new thing that you're
discovering you still test it in scrims
you have to like go through a lot of
things to figure out exactly how it
works what its weak against and when you
can pick it and all that kind of stuff
and from what gambit has said they've
liked their scrims have been like a
little hard to get and a little sketchy
as well as the fact that they have from
what they were saying like they've been
playing a ton of tournaments over the
past like three months or something like
traveling all the time so it feels like
they have become slightly like out of
practice in a sense with like what the
current meta is and if you're gonna
innovate it's usually good to know like
how to play the current meta it just
feels that the cops that they were
playing then winning with we're we're
still things were like they're leaving
up a colles and eight rocks and air gots
and all these stuff and it doesn't feel
like they play with any of the power
picks well and it's I personally think
it's kind of hard to figure out how to
counter those kinds of things if you
don't even know how to play them or like
know that kind of stuff so not counting
them out a hundred percent but it does
not look good in my opinion
yeah I'm most mostly what I wasn't
hoping for I just want to see teams play
something that's different and I'm sad
Griffin did it make it oh yeah because
they played team ho boss Wayne yeah
and they DeWine it and it I know that
that's not what carry the game but it
worked for the team company we're doing
yeah like that I I wish teams would do
that more I think that's a way to get
founds for your team actually great like
did you see kaboom you know they didn't
make it and cheat on you're all
triggered now he played vel'koz in the
bottom line it's like his second most
played pick and he dominated with it and
sometimes I think about this whole oh
the patch had like we could play mages
in the bot lane and I was like what if
you you could always do that right it's
literally just a if tin your what do I
mean yeah and your perception because
you can do that if you build a compound
that now as well and you could actually
always do it but we're very set in our
way
and obviously yeah the dps by ad carry's
and liam teamfights and whatnot I
understand but if you are very good like
he was on that pig then yeah why not
yeah yeah that games a great example of
how to do interesting new picks
correctly versus the comp that they were
applying against doing it the stupid way
we're like you early and basically blind
pick your innovation oh yes Soraka vain
and then that gives me what's that cat
she saw you okay
oh yeah he's always fucking around the
background but that's like how you want
to do it it's like you have this vel'koz
you end up flexing it down to the bot
lane that was all great TSM was still
playing pike Swain a little bit towards
the end of the year and I think like if
you're against sneaky and he's playing
Caixa all the time and you want to try
and abuse that as gambit and you have
Pike Swain or brand other bullshit to
try and shit on it like that's the stuff
I want to see where it makes sense and
it's not just like innovation for
innovation sake
yeah I mean like with not like
signalling what you're going to pick so
so obviously like compare that to
Griffin and how they when they pick team
or the first time like the caster's
legit so if there was something wrong
they sauce they would have we're going
to restart roster and that day there
were something wrong they did not
believe it like I was watching it in the
casters like 10 minutes into the game it
still felt like they were or be sure
that they did this because the last time
somebody played it even in lck was like
2016 where somebody picked it by mistake
because they were hovering it and they
fucked up the nation all play at Worlds
for Syria but that was like that was all
the way back in like 2013 yeah yeah but
last last was 2016 twice it was played
where one team that did it by mistake
somebody was memeing and making fun of
them doing it by mistake and then
accidentally also did that by mistake
and somebody ended up having to play him
yeah so yeah them doing it and against
the Ezreal and I think s Trail and Tom
or Estoril and from that they played it
against and
like they had really thought through
that kind of strategy and I really wish
there were more teams playing anything
else and I'd wish we just got to see
like g2 himer and I know ah me watch it
again
yarn is gonna show y'all okay which
definitely got to play it more times
like that's another thing I didn't give
a shit about golden Guardians until I
saw the whole deftly it's learning to
play himer and I watched the highs and
dong stuff yeah and like now I care
now I care about this team minty I like
you you watch a lot of yeah you're
you're going off stuff from all over the
place yeah I know I watch way too much
I'm like very I know I'm at home all the
time because of like disability stuff so
I can't work so I'm very no life I watch
an a most but I most watch most of that
you also yeah yeah that's right
another Swedish caller who watches na we
get this a lot
oh there's a lot of na LCS fans in
Sweden well I mean there's a lot of a
lot of European people just watch na LCS
yeah as well and yeah and hopefully also
you because all their players come here
so that's yeah look there's the cat be
happy works
minty you're actually starting to get on
to a point that I want to talk about
with innovation which is like if you
just innovate a single pick it actually
gets dealt with very easily with just
like the band that's happening to he
aren't in but what was really
interesting about g2 or not you too
golden Guardians at that time was the
fact that they actually had a number of
really annoying like picks that were in
the meta from soul of you and like the
talons the the high Murs the fiddle the
has some other stuff I can't exactly
remember but what basically happened was
if you were red side against them you
could have possibly ban all those things
and so they were always getting one of
their innovative picks and that's why
they went on that little tear before it
all got kind of nerfed and stuff but
then I think if you only have one
innovative pick like you can get that
once in the best-of-five and that gets
you one but you really
have to have a couple of interesting
strategies to be able to actually like
consistently do that but I mean like if
you think about it this way like if
somebody on your team plays something
that they're really good at but they
usually never get to play it right
because it's always bad well you only
have so many bands so if just everyone
on your team has one pick that nobody
wants to play against are you just gonna
ban those and then you can have all the
champions you want all the meta champs
you want because they have to ban your
special picks i I'm agreeing with you
what I'm saying is it's a lot no I agree
yeah yeah yeah it's actually really hard
to get to that point though to find yeah
yeah Ultimo innovative unique picks that
you consistently went on and strike fear
into your opponent to find even two of
those yeah as an underdog is so hard to
do
yeah right to top teams doing that
because you're expected to win already
against them so yeah you're just like
I'll play I'll pick her got eight rocks
like whatever the fuck and just stop you
and you have to do something cool to
upset me either way thank you venti
frills so much for the call thank you
really nice calling well shocks is here
I'm always glad to see shocks awfully or
Frost
it's nice having more girls and that is
like on camera and but yeah nice to
seeing the show life yep thanks for
staying up have a good one yep but she
was a pro yeah watched everything yeah
yeah literally she should be the new she
should be an analyst for right yeah all
right mark you ready for nice color got
a bunch of subs in the meantime milk man
cometh goat Overlord keto devil with 100
bits Mar to five eighty six who says
Rees absque Ribe foreshocks buy her
breakfast Travis supplied her breakfast
it was an amazing breakfast there's some
avocado toast there's something I don't
break an egg there's not a baccata toast
at 10:00 p.m. an TTP resolved for three
months Gulin subs the holla me you sent
200 bits Thank You sharks for the hard
work you and everyone in the ELC of
staff put on this year is
I've seen the many vetti combo grow
while the great quickshot officio combo
taking more of a backseat there's much
more that I want to mention but just
know that all your hard work is pretty
cool thank you so much that means a lot
we did work really really hard I mean I
was a record yes but it did seem like
this was a watershed year for you all
see oh yeah definitely I mean yeah for
the previous year's there they were
always like building stuff behind the
scenes like the player rooms a control
room like so that we could do the show
from EU entirely because before we
always had we like literally people
would stay up at 3 a.m. and any to help
us with the show in you yeah so like as
of recent it's all in EU and we had the
new analyst says that is crazy to have
people awake in North America helping
with a show in another cup yeah our
producer Sam is here but like yeah now
that I do it I know how hard it is
Saloni it uh Saloni ed is that is that
that's pressed uh it's Colonia but don't
worry too much about it it's a name I
made up when I started playing the week
okay Colonia Colonia yeah but I always
want to get people's even if it's a
made-up name Colonia what do you want to
talk about oh well sorry first off like
whereabouts in the world are you calling
calling from just outside New York City
New York City okay cool and thank you
for being a twitch sub what do you want
to talk about on the show tonight so I
want to talk about a freaky freaks
pacifically I think that Africa is being
significantly underrated relative to the
other Korean teams coming into Worlds
well oh I think I agree
hey are you agree okay go I don't know I
just think like in public opinion in
community the kid it's like what the
fanatic hyper or whatever the Katy hype
is really through the roof and then with
Genji you always have well there the
current world champion so they did it
once they'll do it again
even though you know we don't
necessarily know how they're gonna show
up Plus ambition is in the rise video
yeah but yeah I think you may be right
that's maybe a good thing for them yeah
yeah it's a good thing potentially but
very true in that like I you hear all
the time about the other two Korean
teams and just like
freak out people you know some of the
any people are like is that is that from
one of those other regions I don't is
that huh
how big it is an odd name they've sucked
for a while too
yeah they just haven't it's kind of
height for them to build the same and
you should never count out a Korean team
I think is a lesson that I I think
gnarly akka needs to learn for a long
time I don't know what's your take mark
yeah I don't think you should count a
Korean team out either in depth analysis
Travis yeah single best of five to
another region in world's probably
shouldn't be underestimated good point
yeah I think the reason that you hear
less about of freaka it's not cuz people
actually Colonia de I think you're maybe
scratching on something I wasn't
standing the reason that they feel less
like they're underrated is that they
just have like less storylines and less
about like actually like what people
think of their skill because I haven't
heard anyone say that they're not gonna
get group one or like the pool one seed
out of that group they're expect to get
out of the group a having extremely
easily what there's been a little bit of
hype around fungal Buffalo but other
than that it's like no Freak is getting
group one let's go talk about almost
like and the other teams are almost like
well that's the team I would want to be
drawn against if I get drawn against the
Korean team in the quarterfinals and I
also I kind of think that's fair though
if you look at like relative peaks at
the end of the season which I think
often happens also at second season and
whatnot like because one of them goes
through the gauntlet so has to be on the
top of their game the other one plays
the final also so yeah I I think they
might I don't know like it's hard to say
because if I say I don't think they will
be as good as the other two maybe they
smash but there's not as much storylines
and as much players that you're like oh
you know spirits gotta crush everyone or
what I also think is a group a like
people just don't talk about today
because there's no it's like man the
group we're sure as a group of death and
then like Group Co team like wait what's
gonna happen I mean if flash will show
up like they did in the group stage of
MSI they will be great again they were
really good they're so well
yeah I think I think it's an interesting
group that the West has less reason to
care about and afreeca like you set
aside for the spirit storyline and maybe
kuroh like a lot of people don't know
shit about this team
no he was a sub somewhere else I think
but I don't remember who he was behind
Seinfeld Colonia you were gonna say
something yes so one of the things I
actually kind of disagree with you guys
on about Africa is that I think that
there is significant at our best diamond
Samsung is or a couple of reasons first
of all I'm sorry not Samsung ginger you
always get their name doctor yeah but um
I think that Africa is a much better
best of one they are and I would say
that Genji is probably the better
best-of-five team just because they have
a lot more experience on the world stage
but in best of ones I would argue that a
freak is a much better most one team for
the specific reason that they're known
for picking from the Box strategies in
regular season in Ock and winning that
way spirit in particular is kind of
notorious within lck or bringing in
out-of-the-box picks and win it and
winning upset matches against top teams
and they'll seek a regular season that
way and I think I think that given their
famously really really good coaching
staff and the fact that they generally
don't scrim externally so they basically
can't get their strategy swelled to
other teams because of their internal
scrim system they could really do
incredibly well in festive ones yeah
yeah I think like the I love of
storyline and all that stuff or whatever
however that's her say his name
correctly their coach a LeBouf is has a
lot going for him and I think well
against the actual group stage of the
tournament you'll hear the analyst
testing the casters have a lot to say
about this team but I think with them
not being employed and not being like we
said a sexy team to talk about heading
into the tournament there just hasn't
been much hype around them though I do
think a lot of people respect them and a
lot of points you're made people
three with ya actually your point I
think everyone or most people will say
before you see the first game it between
flash wolves and Africa it should be you
can't really make a judgment call just
because of how strong flash rules are in
their region and also historically at
international events most recently at
MSI but I don't think anyone with
oversell Africa and that group if
anything they should get out so easily
and probably should be the number one
seed so yeah it's just about the
storylines of other teams are so insane
yeah yeah and it's definitely the kid
had way less big names and the other lck
teams going into this so that has
probably contribute me to their being
underrated yeah do you think they're
underrated or just under discussed I
think it's a little bit of both I think
they're underrated because they had a
bit of a forgetting about that is that
Korea played their summer playoffs on
patch 815 which is a several patches
behind what most of the other regions
played their playoffs on and afreeca
just really wasn't very good on that
patch in general so I think that they
have the potential to be a lot better on
the world's patch on top of the fact
that they are generally a lot better in
like more regular season type settings
so that's where sort of the underrated
side and then they're also definitely
under like discussed in western scene
yeah Colonia thank you so much for the
call thank you for having me on I think
that are you I heard it commercial about
your Co alarms or whatever what yeah
yeah that you know they're about to all
expire and you should all call their
expert at 2-1-1 whatever
or am i ordering food for you or do you
want to go some what is the plan we can
order food right now on the show I might
go implants hang later yeah oh you're
you're leaving I mean did you think she
was gonna spend time with you traffic
color mark let's see we're gonna hang
out so much in Korea and let's see
gorillas teach at the helmet Hawkwind
four three two
polluted hell blue flame five twenty
Sher Khan na slide viv frog Z bunny and
squeak the weak who says hi shocks yeah
you can't like you can do that yeah like
we you're acting like we never hang out
and we're like such good I just I just
hope someday we can you know it'd be
cool does this kind of get to know you
more there's a sofa I'm gonna find every
picture we ever took in the last five
years right we I'm gonna just do a
bounty after cuz twitch has got a bounty
and I'll just I'll just make some money
in slit is that how you pronounce it
yeah okay for now that's any way where
you culture Columbus Ohio Columbus Ohio
okay I hear there's a party University
there is that true uh-oh OSU party's a
decent amount okay wouldn't be probably
number three pretty school in Ohio okay
good
what do you want to talk about on the
show tonight I'd like to talk about how
in the world Ximena you're especially
rewarded for playing the power meta pics
and especially the ability to flex them
that's a you do you want to it's just
mostly just about sort of the strength
of the power pics yeah do you like that
or do you find that frustrating um I
don't really have like a personal
preference on that I just think it is
what it is yeah and that's a good
approach by the way it is what it is
because like I already saw the whole
like I'm so tired of seeing eight trucks
forgot all the time but I think the
nature of top lane has been now for
years that it will always be certain
matchups and then I prefer this over
tank matchups straight
Hank matchups to be completely honest
but it is just the name of the game that
if you're gonna play like if you such an
intense I think it's such an intense
period in the year where everyone also
watches a lot more because everyone off
sounds like oh yeah I'll watch the EU
LCS finals and the you know some people
and and most people say I'll watch the
LCS finals
I'll watch lck and I'll watch the
gauntlet and the plains starting and
there's like a million games a day and
then it like gets printed on your brain
and it's just the name of the game I
guess yeah I think it's a little I mean
it's true right now that like the Akali
and the a tossing it flexed around a
fair amount of different lanes and even
got to that point but I don't know if
it's more reward in this matter than in
other meadows because I don't feel like
they have super hard counter picks that
people are going for and so I'm not sure
like you know like it's all feels like a
lot of soft counters like a choc Center
god is like a skille matchup and then
like they I think what happened that you
to serious where they tried to play the
Gallio and then they picked or got into
it like that looked really bad for the
Gallio but I think it also looked bad
because perks is way better than GBM and
the whole team played a lot better and
so even if you did all that flexing you
know a Gallio into a Kali versus a
galleon - oh god I don't think is that
disastrous of a swap if like you know it
was true that super master was actually
a better team or that they could play
and actually challenged them like it's a
cute trick and I think it did actually
net G to some tangible advantages but I
don't know if if like the flexibility of
those picks is is really what's lending
them so much power or if that's like
what's gonna make them better this this
year well you just look at GP that was
fucking busted in 2015
yeah I mean I I do think in the in the
supermassive game part of it was I mean
I know you were a little bit
flabbergasted about the decision to like
leave up the skill matchup but like part
of it was once they let the ergot in the
H box through like you have to pick the
aatrox
otherwise like HRT's is getting flex
jungle or mid in the games like
basically over in my opinion um I guess
that's true that power picks in the same
role in this meta you can't just like
ignore them because they can take
multiple of the same role power picks
because they go multiple places I guess
that part's true also look out the pike
power picked to be flexed caps has been
spamming then slow like you and I I know
a lot I don't trust it caps fucking
likes taking supports and sha making
work mid he did it work on I never
played that at MSI yeah if the AP work
on build I don't believe that's gonna
happen oh if it happens great but no no
way and thank you so much for your call
dude caps he did what do you do why
played the fame versus misfits and he
did pull out so really install but many
people did it like who he also loves her
and soul doesn't he and that vein look
like poop excuse me it carried the game
they're getting smashed by 5k and
there's you set there there was somebody
in twitch it that I was ignoring for a
while and then and then shock saw his
demand his or her demand which was to
say ask shocks why she's so rude to mark
see on the analyst test I don't think I
am my Jack mark why do you think shocks
is rude to you I think I'm an easy
target you know like she only wants to
bully people that she's has more
influence then yeah like I don't think
she try and bully chat miss Jenna has a
bigger following or like a bigger
following than me I mean he has a
sizable following whereas I'm just a
small little fry you you guys this is
how rumors start I do not like we're
just what's that called gesturing or
like what's that called banter know when
with the swords that's right
doing like you know what I mean come on
mark set the record straight here it's
really hurts see you're so full of shit
what see this is what I deal with every
just tells me all full of shit and it's
scary I can't speak up bullies me that's
a guess if sometimes you say completely
outrageous things I know I think it's
really funny well I think there used to
- and - is very like - is like the most
chill going on somebody's like now wait
just one second you know like he'll
he'll do one of those he's never gonna
like no I actually think that - if
anything is more like Stern very often
like he's Stern on there like saying
something he says not agree with you
like goes in so I've been you know I
also try to do that maybe it work you
work with does it just come off that way
because I'm a woman
maybe maybe people are just biased
against that but no I'm sorry so to the
people that wrote that or to the person
that wrote that if that is the case I
don't mean to be rude to mark but I
don't know if I will change it I think
what it is it's just like the regional
people who get butthurt wasn't ever
someone makes fun of their region so
like it's less about you versus me and
more like you represent EU and I
represent na and so like when you make a
jab at me it's like oh why is she such a
dick to the NA people you know versus
like when when when - makes fun of me
it's just like any pooping it's like
what's it like working with this is one
of the more stern or aggressive or
what's it like working with - and shocks
I mean they have their differences do
you want me to just I mean I don't want
you to say anything
I mean I've watched them I'm asking for
mark sitting there on the desk like is
does he feel like he keep answers more
with you or that like - you know calls I
don't know I was curious I don't know I
I do feel like there's a little bit more
like when when - like challenges me or
banters with me it's usually like
pushing more for like an a like
different analysis like he didn't agree
with the point I thought I made it
poorly but I think like with the fact
that like I said it's it's not
inter-regional like when shocks and Iban
tear or go back and forth it's more
about
like wrapping our regional rivalry yeah
but that's what we talked about right
yeah do you think I do think guys I like
I've worked a lot on this this year is
like I do try and challenge you guys on
like games stuff too to the point that I
just got feedback after the first day
that I was - like I should let them
finish their point before I asked them
but yeah no I think it's fine it's just
like and even then like a lot of the
segments we do on uncannily it's just
like totally different like on na LCS
countdown like we're fucking idiots like
we do so much stupid shit and that
that's some of the times where we're we
have like the most banter is in segments
that aren't being taken seriously at all
where's like a lot of banter between
shocks and I will arise in situations
that are more serious or like yeah yeah
yeah like if we're talking about who's
gonna get out of this group and it's you
versus na it's like ha you suck swears
like it's like hey mark here's a random
stat that Jack that you got right and
James didn't go you know also the nature
of like it is like worlds and when it
comes to that we all know like the
gravity of the situation you can ever
lose sight of it I think because even if
you're at home and you think oh well I
don't know infinity is playing EDG
they're gonna get smashed or whatever
and then they bond but like to those
reach and also that are watching that
that is their main event you know when
they get to go up against the
international team so I think that's why
things are maybe a bit less
loosey-goosey but I think we found a
good balance so far I actually really
like the desk I think we've been killing
it yeah but actually you two are okay
Raz it's really good Raz is really good
actually that was my biggest
disappointment with Hotline league is
that Raz like you tried to do a double
feature where as would be in the first
half and shocks would be on the second
so if you were disappointed with Raza's
not being on the show feel free to voice
that disappointment with them on Twitter
yeah it was funny it was like oh yeah
I'll be on hotline League is that oh
wait that's tomorrow yeah your 6 a.m.
you were there right yeah at 6 a.m. by
the way I have a dinner actually I need
to do all right thanks for yeah
but hey no idea what time it is this is
so fucked okay so
can I like I I love talking about the
desk because like I mean I just I assume
you have an appointment or something
that you have to keep cuz you I I'm
going to hang but like I'm fine I just
want to make sure you have it feels like
if you're not gonna spend the next three
hours here why are you spending the next
10 minutes just go ahead that's how he
does this to me all the time I just want
to make sure you're not gonna be late
you know and we're gonna hang out in
Korea listen do you know how like all
the other pastors are staying here we're
gonna hang out you mean hang out all the
time like all my friends will be so no I
know their option I understand they
don't ever go out anyway they don't
leave the hotel you know by the way you
know who is super disappointed twice now
so I'd like Brennan you know we were
playing a trained a tweet by the way we
Shox hit me up when she was coming and
she's like we should get breakfast and
then I was like okay let's get breakfast
and she's like now never mind
no that's not that's why I mean thank
you yeah I was like I underestimated how
tired I would be at the end of a 10-hour
show while you were sleeping so no I do
not want to get breakfast anyway but
bro-down Broden really wanted to bro - I
told Brennan that my brother was gonna
be there I told Broden that you I was
gonna get breakfast with you and he
tried to he literally invited himself
he's like let me go and then whenever I
found out that you weren't gonna be able
to go he sent me like he was like so
when are we getting breakfast with Shox
and I was like no he's like oh so sad
and then today you went to Bondi harvest
yeah yeah which I love blonde a harvest
and I go yeah but that was a business
meeting yeah yeah but he didn't know
that and so he messaged me he's like you
took bond day or you took shocks to bond
a harvest wouldn't be and I was like no
I literally did not go Brodin is very
excited to see you I guess also but
burns gonna be in Korea too right yeah
yeah oh my god I am I'm so excited hang
out with you guys in Korea do you know
this is where it all started chat yeah I
don't know if you guys were born in time
but this was 2000 oh my God why did I
sound so funny there
this is 2014 worlds yeah right because
we went to Singapore also Taiwan
Singapore in Korean and then we went to
Korea and it was awesome yeah it was
really fun yeah
all right anyway shall we move on to the
next color well Jacques says she wants
to talk about the analyst oh sorry sorry
talk about the desk where we gonna say
ignore which tie here I'm just gonna
cover it no I like to it's good that
they're saying disparaging things about
me I don't want you to read that but I
love it yeah I mean not that their thing
is very sweet but yeah I had like
because I hadn't done analyst desk at
international events like this before
either oh yeah can I
so like this year and like I have done
the desk for like three or four years or
whatever and I lost a bit of motivation
like in previous years because Co LCS
was all the things that you guys were
seeing that weren't working obviously we
were feeling that as well and then we
kept seeing all this like hey oh yes
socks the production sucks so bad and
when you see that every day a million
times when you know the reasons why but
you can't speak on it and if you would
it wouldn't help anyone because it would
sound like an excuse sure because we
knew all these things were being built
and stuff so then this year I was like
alright I'm just going ham you know I
you're the reason that you LCS is
interesting this year no of course not I
think a big unsung hero is our like our
producers before the year we always have
this big brainstorming meeting on what
we want to show to look like and they're
like listen we're not doing post games
anymore yeah and we were like the fish
show of Vettius and I are like but it
turned out to be a really good change
like to emphasis on storytelling and
whatnot so yeah and I put a lot of work
in it as well in razzo plasm showed up
in chat he dropped an emote so I don't
know very clearly not that busy but no
that's that's gonna here what what what
was it do you think there was like any
one thing that was like better like like
well no really could that led to you
guys cuz we you've had a ton of success
and he will CSI I don't make fun of you
guys as nearly as much as I used to well
I it's shifted from making fun of the EU
LCS and more about making fun of their
players and how we're gonna buy them
yeah that's what you have to do
annual franchise next year and then
we'll have nothing it's called permanent
partnership whatever and so I think
actually while the show got not better
but I think we also got really lucky
because the story lines just got much
better like the team's you know the
teams are actually very competitive in
spring and we had like this whole every
game counts thing like it was super
close and then there was a new champion
what people are or frankly you know when
someone wins a lot people get tired of
it so they're happy to see a new team
and luckily it was the historically most
popular organization ever fnatic that
won with reckless as the MVP like you
can't really ask for much more
yeah as a broadcast so we got lucky also
storyline wise but I also think we just
told people's stories better we pgl we
had people on and then when players
could say what they wanted and like it's
yeah it's been good it's been good yeah
I think it's fair because you asked us
or I was asked the difference between
you and - I think you should tell me the
difference between two fish and myself
or Vettius and myself um I think you so
you both you all three share the quality
that you work very well in a broadcast
live environment that you know when
there's you know when you need to fill
something when you need to step in when
you need to round something off or when
there's needed an opinion you know plus
you always give a good opinion right but
you work very well and like the
movements of the broadcast and also like
camera and whatnot and I think maybe
that they take more of an active
forefront where they feel really
passionate about their analytical points
and that you're also fine just letting
the other person speak and then jumping
in or after jumping in and stuff like
that I don't know although usually you
always jump in first mouth comes think
of it and also when I ride it flipped a
little more where initially I was
letting rats talk a lot more yeah we
were like kind of finding our rhythm
yeah now you talk most and I also think
like I think in EU we're a bit more
they're a bit more proactive because
we've been doing it for so long with
like if there's a segment they like go
hey producer I would like a full screen
graphic for X I would like a featured
match of graphic for X I would like a
replay I would like to slow down I want
to do this at the telestrator where I
think you guys because you had such
some crew they would often give you guys
like hey do you guys want to do this and
I think like you and me now over the
past couple of days like you've done
more of that now because that's just the
way I like to do it maybe but I don't
for post-games but I'm not sure I think
a lot of the first part was just seeing
what other people were gonna do yeah
I've never worked with Sam so let's see
what Sam does yeah or whatever yeah I
see that
what's your rest us let's uh maybe let's
take our caller who's been hanging out
in the waiting room for let's just kick
him no all right last caller for me yeah
I'm aware
you've got someplace to go there there
world there though is the last caller in
the waiting room so we're good thank you
for xD bunny squeak the week Oobi 96
comrade unicorn the kodiak kid at a Oh
Rachel hi Rachel and rice for the prime
sub will do one more shout out of subs
after this call so this is your last
chance to board hi space Pope 20 K hey
what's going on Travis where are you
calling from
I'm calling from Flint Michigan second
time yes when you had a double lift in
Kelby on yeah you only come for the big
episodes apparently a detox is great you
have to be here boy also his topics are
so fuckin good he's not gonna waste him
on just you and I ok space Pope your
topic I've just I just gotten hyped up
for it I don't know what it is but are
you the Pope of space um so so my topic
tonight similar topic to what I talked
about last time is that I think TSM and
intaking Sven and mithy uh not only did
it hurt TSM and fill me with delicious
reginal tears but it saved Europe and it
has helped show their up-and-coming
talent like um Jews ookay I know he's a
different position but it's helped teams
like vitality show their new talent off
for instance like upset in the eighties
carrier role from shulkie had a great
year this year in Europe you know and I
think this vennen mithi leaving the
region has helped a lot of other players
get into positions to like really show
what they do
another example I guess could be I have
if I pronounced it right why deep on G -
I think he's an animal
he carries hearing in a lot I think yeah
this is such a great question because
it's got all the best things you know
it's got like TSM and yes I'm hater
stuff you've got like an EU thing in
there for shocks like there's just all
this great stuff in there so thank you
for that so I think are you happy with
Ian's been left no boy it's a two-parter
it's alright not just are you happy that
they left but in doing so it ruined TSM
and g2 a little bit to allow other teams
there's notes to shine so like that part
actually turned out to be good for the
league right because g2 want all the
time but I as alike cuz I know a lot of
people like to hate g2 but I would have
been fine if they like grew and got
stronger and had a great international
showing at Worlds with this lineup of g2
and I don't really I'm not like a I'm
not a hater so that they do bad at see
it in TSM that doesn't make me happy I
know it makes a lot of people happy but
I do think maybe have a good point like
I think the stars that have arisen and
you would have risen no matter what but
it definitely left more room for new
people to step up and they really took
to the challenge and I think the
broadcast also maybe overdid it a bit
cuz like the Italian stallion but that's
our job right so yeah you may have a
small point that's my point for small
appointments I think yeah sorry point
yeah I mean I admittedly the TSM and the
GT fanbase if we look at it objectively
this is the prom with Brody he saw
sharks on stream and he had to run over
is that what happened I didn't you offer
breakfast I want breakfast is someone
else
Brodin rodent you come over here just
because you saw shocks on stream
truth haha what I believe you that I
believe mark is asking if you ran over
after seeing her on stream no because we
can you can you crouch down or something
up your torso it's not I was in the
neighborhood yes
[Music]
yeah because we had just started we had
just finished talking about how you who
else is in the background we're so it's
Kelsey everyone can juice with everyone
should get in the shot so I can see what
the fuck is happening I feel so left out
I mean I just the lesson here is I need
to start locking my door by we were just
talking about how you were like really
sad that you can get breakfast with
shocks and all this stuff and like oh
you you message me or like you went to
Bondi harvest moments later you would
show up in the shot yeah now seems like
a hilarious conspiracy I don't know yeah
when are you when are we going to Korea
you guys Sunday yeah alright anybody I
thought we were gonna like beat like two
passing plans no no no I'll be there
we're rockin can we I'm sorry s peace
Pope oh it's looking very smooth burden
oh you're going to you I like it okay oh
my god is this you got you guys are
having a party so I'm just consoling
myself with the cash it's big isn't he
he's a fat well I wouldn't say that
okay so you spoke to I don't know maybe
we should just wrap it up I don't know
if you have any extra thoughts that you
want to fit in there I know we were kind
of interrupted Roden interrupted um yeah
so I mean I was a TSM fan basically
since like I'm old school so since dyrus
like joined the team right and with all
the roster changes that TSM is made over
the years this time around you know when
you have hauntzer who like I guess
historically I'm not like the biggest
and you've moved Spence Garin who I
thought would excel on a team outside of
TSM so I'm a big fan of him but you know
you've brought in Mike Young and Greg
who you know look how they've done and
then you have York centrally is the only
name still like with the TSM org
attached to it as a fan it felt very
much like mercenaries for hire and it
showed a lot with their team play this
year right like they played to their
individual talents and it seemed as
though they were kind of at times maybe
afraid to step on each other's toes or
afraid to be the one to make a mistake
and like look bad for the team and they
weren't like all inning with that team
synergy so well I'm sure in scrims
venomoth ii being like great individual
talent had like levelled up na over time
over the year playing against them it in
the long-term I think has hurt TSM hurt
the TSM like brand and their fans and
it's given orgs like Team Liquid or 100
thieves who just blew into the scene
you know bible-thumper mortals if they
were still around there's all these
other orgs that are getting to shine and
na and talent that's getting to shine
like even definitely welcome yeah like I
do think of it it's revisionist history
because you know when you look at TSM
and how the budget and how they want to
craft the best team Savannah and mithy
are the one of the best pick ups you can
make right and that it didn't work out
is something that we we don't really
know what happened and I think you make
a good point that like mentally maybe
they had the feeling of like well we
come in here and where'd the lord and
savior's and we're supposed to make
everything better and when we fail it's
it's like gonna be you know magnified
into oblivion which is what happened but
on the other hand I don't think you can
blame TSM for making the pickups they
did if anything yeah sometimes I think
they just have to go all in them just
like change everything you know one
would be saying they sound like murder
early they were like mercenaries if TSM
was going to Worlds right now I think I
think I think part of it was to like
that I don't know how you improve based
off like who you had an na like double
if bio frost Spencer and beerus and like
a lot of those guys were in contention
for best in their role and it sounded
like maybe they wanted so
instead of bio frost but like if they're
gonna get mithi they needed to bring
Savannah long and then like they spend
spend was someone that people want to
maybe moved around but like who were you
planning on getting I don't know I think
they had a really tough job of trying to
improve a roster that was the best
domestic team for for splits in a row
yeah like you're gonna be taking risks
when you try and improve a roster that
good and it didn't work out but like I
think them going for it was the right
move if anything I'm like the the thing
of TSM just not like an na now getting
out of groups and stuff it's it I don't
know
it's all very its it must be a mental
thing because I thought about this the
other day it's like in all these
tiebreakers we have to start how you is
always winning the tiebreakers and then
when it's first na and so many times
they've played tiebreakers versus in any
team that was better it like that showed
better games at the tournament they were
playing and was better at that moment
and even won the games versus do you
team previously so it's weird yeah I
think it has a bit of a choking problem
for sure or like they let the the fact
they're like we're a pupu region and
then like oh we have the chance to break
that Morgan that pressure gets well I
think the pressure gets them of like
that's the narrative you know like we're
usually so bad that like as soon as one
team starts doing well it's like we're
doing it yeah either way thank you so
much space Pope for the call and good
luck in governing the religion of the
space as the Pope
I appreciate the trucks you guys have a
good night good morning to you I guess
go bully alright well just a couple of
shoutouts here at the end thank you to
bang face I'll be a Sony easy modo and
shoot hosted me thank you to all those
shoutouts plugs anything at the end here
anything that you want to say support
Travis gaffer he's the best and I love
you guys just say Twitter prime twitch
Prime sports right now it's gonna light
up now that yeah shock sees still eat me
off the chart do you have thought
these people you unsub because he
doesn't have mayonnaise just kidding so
see look look at look at the twitch
primer just fucking go oh my gosh it's
crazy I do still eat mayonnaise out of
the jar but I I don't know kind of like
mustard no - no I just combined my twist
frame thing totally work that's awesome
cool mark anything for you no we will
have a new offline TV video coming out
soon and it'll be fun and different or
not everyone just sitting on a couch so
if you guys haven't watched offline TV
shit you should do that other than that
you know
mark what market normally he has nothing
to say so I'm surprised he has something
yeah usually
what does have to do with anything so
your weight and I mean to you wait I've
seen with commas just cuz it's my date
time work do you have anything besides
Lena TV video watch knockout stage
tomorrow with shocks and I where we say
mean things to each other it see nines
actually playing at a perfect time for
America it's like I believes like 8:30
p.m. PST so watch it
so for mark and I we're gonna try and do
a hotline leak we're gonna try to do
multiple hotline League episodes while
I'm in Korea key word is try because who
knows what Hotel Internet is like and
all this stuff but I think we're gonna
definitely try to make it happen mark
and I need to figure out what when that
what that looks like and time zones and
all that stuff but Highline League will
hopefully be happening in Korea soon for
it well for me with mark here so please
take a look for that I head out there on
Sunday with Broden we're gonna have some
fire content going so please stay tuned
for that I thank you to everyone who
hung out I'm gonna hang out and stream
for a little bit after this because
sharks has to leave unfortunately but I
thank you everyone I think your shocks
thank you Mark
this has been hot did you say Bud Light
are you guys going to the place yeah
okay oh I'm not going I guess I'm not
invited okay well now what are they
doing what don't invite them all right
this is hotline League episode 47 thanks
for watching